---
title: "Pinellas Trail"
date: 2023-04-30T08:42:11-04:00
draft: false
---
Yesterday was a good day.  Carol and I decided early in the week we were going to bike parts of the pinellas trail.  I did what most normal human beings would do and I did a google search and found the web site for the trail, but nothing really about how to access it.  I am sure I was looking in the wrong place, but the content of the site was more about the pinellas trail and less about how to get to it, and things to do whilst on the pinellas trail.  I am also not known for my patience.  The next thing that came to mind for me was to bring it up on Maps and let the satellites in the sky tell us how to get there, so that is what we did.

Before we could leave I had to put the bike rack and bikes back on the truck which was surprisingly easy.  Another thing I am not known for is my mechanical prowess, but I make due with what the good Lord has given me. The weather was quite suspect yesterday and it was lightly sprinkling before we left.  We donned our hats to keep our heads dry, jumped in the truck and off we went listening to Siri guide us to our destination.

Siri took us back into some neighborhoods and ultimately to a dirt road with no outlet and no sign of the pinellas trail so we pulled the beast off to the side of the road and discussed our next steps.  I decided to download google maps and see if google could do any better.  Google wound us through some neighborhoods but brought to an area where there was a sidewalk that lead up a path.  At first I thought we were on the backside of a park, but once we got out and had a looksie we found the path lead to what looked to be the pinellas trail.  A bicycleist road past us playing AC/DC load and proud.  We knew we found our destination at last.

I unloaded the bikes, set them on the path, and looked around to get a sense of where we were and landmarks to look for for when we returned.  Across the way from where we were standing was a field with an abandoned blue couch that would become our landmark.  Not the most pituresque scenery, but useful for the journey that was before us.  We hopped on our bikes, went right and started peddling.  There were trailer parks, the backs of industrial buildings, the back yards of home owners, an empty high school football field, and a few homelss people taking a nap, or finding a place to put the things they accumulated. We did see some beautiful artwork on the backside of buildings and the underparts of the roadways.  

The thing that really got us were the bridges over the roadways.  We are not in the best shape of our lives and let me tell you those bridges gave us a run for our money.  I don't remember how many we went over, but by the time we decided it was time to turn around we had ridden about 7.5 miles.  The skys were getting darker and there were spits and spats of lightening which gave us concern.  It was also around 1:00PM and the hunger monster was starting to surface.  I did some quick googling and found a place called Doc Fords Rum Bar & Grill that was about 2 mies away from our current position.  Carol was concerned about getting rained on, but I was convinced we would be fine and the sky was just complaining.  Siri guided us off of the trail and to our destination, but Doc Fords was across the road of the 4 lane busy street in both directions.  Carol found the spot that was the best to cross, waited patiently for the moment to cross and we made our way without to much trouble.  Once we made it to the other side she proclaimed that that was not happening again and when we left we would find a traffic light to cross on the way back. 

As we walked up to Doc Fords we could hear music and it was on the water which are two of our favorite things.  The place was packed, but we got a seat pretty quickly and a waiter came by and got our drink order.  We both got rum drinks because thats what you do when your in a bar/restaraunt with Rum in its name.  Carol wanted to get some pictures so I took two selfies by the water and returned to our table.  We enjoyed our drinks, listened to music and enjoyed the water views while waiting to place our food order.  The food was ok, the drinks were expensive, but the time was precious and necessary.  Being on the water together, listenting to music and spending time together is what it is all about.  All the moments in between is what its all about.  

We survived the journey back and even saw a small rabbit along the trail who could care less we were there.  We needed to get back before the storm and we did just that conquering bridge after bridge and finally arriving at the open field with the blue couch.  Yesterday was a good day.
